 Here we go. Together, together, together, everyone. Together, come on, let's have some fun. Together, we're there for each other every time. Together, together, come on, let's do this fight. Here and now, it's time for celebration. I finally figured out that our dreams have no limitations. That's what it's all about. Come on now! Everyone is special in their own way. We make each other strong. Each other strong. We're not the same. We're different in a good way. Together's where we belong. We're all in this together Once we know that we are, we're all stars, and we see that We're all in this together, and it shows when we stand hand in hand Make our dreams come true Everybody now Together, together, together, everyone Together, together, together, come on let's have some one. We're there for each other every time Together, together, come on, let's do this right We're all here and speaking out with bubbles We're gonna rock the house Yeah, yeah The party's on Now everybody makes some rolls Go, scream and shout We will ride Because we step together We're all in this together Once we know that we are, we're all stars and we see that We're all in this together And it shows when we stand hand in hand make our dreams come We're all in this together When we reach we can fly, no inside we can make it We're all in this together Once we see there's a chance that we have and we take it Wildcats sing along Yeah you really got it going on Wildcats in the house everybody's saying now Wildcats everywhere Leave your hands up in the air That's the way we do it Let's get to it time to show no one We're all right. We're all in this together once we know that we are, we're all stars and we see that. We're all in this together and we're all in this together and it shows when we stand and we're We're all in this together When we reach we can fly, go inside, we can make it We're all in this together Once we've seen, there's a chance that we have and we take it Wildcats everywhere Wave your hands up in the end That's the way we're doing. Let's get to it. Come on, everyone.